17:00:02 <UkoeHB> 1. greetings
17:00:02 <UkoeHB> hello
17:00:37 <xmrack[m]> Hi
17:00:54 <Rucknium[m]> Hi
17:01:01 <rbrunner> Hello
17:03:57 <UkoeHB> looks like a low-turnout day, might be a short meeting
17:04:06 <UkoeHB> 2. updates, what's everyone working on?
17:04:44 <xmrack[m]> Iâ€™m finishing up my final report for the magic grant which will be released Sept 1.
17:05:40 <selsta> ooo123ooo1234567 posted an update on bulletproofs++ verification speed and it looks really promising for monero: https://github.com/monero-project/research-lab/issues/101
17:05:43 <UkoeHB> me: closed my previous ccs and opened a new one https://repo.getmonero.org/monero-project/ccs-proposals/-/merge_requests/338; started integrating tevador's mx25519 library into seraphis_lib to hopefully speed up the find-received scanning step (should have a performance test ready next week)
17:06:08 <selsta> though I don't know what his plans are with the code now
17:06:46 <Rucknium[m]> OSPEAD work. Some research into possible methods to probabilistically classify on-chain transactions by their decoy selection algorithms, which would decrease effective transaction uniformity.
17:07:46 <UkoeHB> selsta: an almost 3x speedup seems too good to be true, looking forward to the code if/when it becomes available
17:08:22 <selsta> UkoeHB: what part of the transaction verification is the bulletproof part? how would that translate to transaction verification?
17:08:47 <UkoeHB> iirc it's around half of the cost
17:09:35 <jberman[m]> me: I've been focused on wrapping up hard fork issues, atm specifically on more cleanly handling the case when an updated client connects to an older daemon and vice versa
17:10:28 <jberman[m]> I said last week I'd have a plan for moving forward with multisig to get it out of experimental but have been prioritizing the above. Will share my thoughts on it
17:10:34 <UkoeHB> ah looks like the batched verification isn't much faster in that test run
17:12:37 <UkoeHB> the speedup in proof construction would be a big win, making bps is really slow
17:14:21 <UkoeHB> 3. discussion, anything to discuss?
17:16:01 <UkoeHB> jberman[m]: ?
17:16:12 <jberman[m]> Preliminary plan of action on moving multisig forward:
17:16:33 <jberman[m]> Open discussion with veorq with UkoeHB  involved if willing, explain we'd like to get security proofs written for multisig and that our goal is to arrive at a well-vetted and safe multisig implementation that we are confident is no longer experimental. Will work together with veorq/koe to try to help explain the code so the security proofs can cover the entire multisig protocol
17:16:55 <jberman[m]> In that discussion, we'd discuss cost and time to completion estimates. Once we have a working framework established that is mutually agreeable toward achieving the above objective, would then look to funding
17:18:30 <Rucknium[m]> Sounds good to me
17:18:44 <UkoeHB> works for me
17:18:56 <selsta> would these security proofs also apply to seraphis multisig later?
17:19:37 <UkoeHB> not directly, because there is a new proof structure
17:20:14 <UkoeHB> the new proof is basically a schnorr signature though, so existing multisig security proofs should be easy enough to adapt
17:21:46 <selsta> ok, so we don't start with 0 again
17:22:40 <rbrunner> So all multisig wallets need to get "dissolved" before the Seraphis hardfork?
17:22:57 <UkoeHB> rbrunner: no, I have a migration strategy
17:23:11 <rbrunner> Oh, surprising
17:23:14 <UkoeHB> multisig groups just need to do one extra ceremony to migrate
17:26:04 <Rucknium[m]> jberman, at the last meeting you said "I think a change to the algo that would result in identifiable pools without a HF needs a very high bar to pass" I think it's possible to reduce the question to direct probability calculations, i.e. probability of correct guess of the real spend with current DSA vs. probability of guessing the real spend based on a probabilistic classification of the DSA that a given transaction is using in
17:26:04 <Rucknium[m]> a partial migration scenario.
17:26:19 <Rucknium[m]> Is such a comparison what you had in mind for the criterion?
17:27:28 <UkoeHB> rbrunner: https://github.com/UkoeHB/monero/blob/c822c7a90b18dfe5fa6c2f4661da85749f40bdb4/tests/unit_tests/seraphis_multisig.cpp#L144 this is account migration
17:28:06 <rbrunner> Thanks, interesting
17:28:27 <UkoeHB> oh, and you'd need to update legacy multisig accounts so they can do aggregation-style signing on legacy enotes
17:28:35 <UkoeHB> that's on my TODO
17:31:12 <Rucknium[m]> I have found a few candidate methods to classify on-chain rings by their DSA. xmrack may have additional ideas.
17:32:50 <jberman[m]> If we have a high proportion of rings where the probability it's constructed by old DSA diverges largely from the new DSA, that would be a no-go imo
17:35:07 <Rucknium[m]> No-go until a hard fork, I assume?
17:36:13 <jberman[m]> right. unless we're certain there is some glaring issue that must be fixed
17:39:17 <Rucknium[m]> There is a glaring issue. The question you pose, which you're right to pose, is if the cure is worse than the disease. Anyway, I think it's probably possible to get a clear, fairly precise answer on that.
17:41:18 <jberman[m]> sgtm
17:43:11 <Rucknium[m]> I'm probably going to need more funding for that analysis though ðŸ˜…
17:47:21 <UkoeHB> are there any other topics anyone would like to discuss? questions?
17:49:24 <UkoeHB> ok I'll call it here, thanks for attending everyone

[post-meeting discussions: https://libera.monerologs.net/monero-research-lab/20220824#c140992]
