17:00:08 <UkoeHB> meeting time https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/786
17:00:08 <UkoeHB> 1. greetings
17:00:08 <UkoeHB> hello
17:00:24 <ArticMine[m]> Hi
17:00:28 <rbrunner> hello
17:00:39 <dangerousfreedom> Hello
17:00:40 <vtnerd> hi
17:00:51 <shalit[m]> hello
17:01:27 <Rucknium[m]> Hi
17:03:12 <UkoeHB> 2. updates, what's everyone working on?
17:04:29 <Rucknium[m]> Released my analysis of mining pools delaying tx confirmations: https://www.reddit.com/r/Monero/comments/10gapp9/centralized_mining_pools_are_delaying_monero/ . Already HashVault, MoneroOcean, and SupportXMR have started updating their block templates more frequently, according to the pool operators and sech1.
17:04:58 <shalit[m]> UkoeHB: I'm currently looking for a task
17:05:33 <Rucknium[m]> With P2Pool, which already had a frequent update policy, about 60% of Monero's blocks are now being mined with frequent template updates, decreasing the time to first tx confirmation.
17:06:03 <blankpage[m]> Hello
17:06:24 <Rucknium[m]> I'm working on understanding the computational complexity issues of OSPEAD.
17:06:26 <rbrunner> shalit[m]: Would you have time for a chat with me on Matrix in about 2 hours time? We could look at it
17:06:45 <blankpage[m]> Fantastic news on the template updates. Very strange that this hadn't been noticed earlier. Any idea how long this has been an issue?
17:06:56 <UkoeHB> me: finished my cleanup/review pass on the seraphis library (took almost 2 months wow - over 50k lines is a lot)
17:07:22 <UkoeHB> right now doing some finishing touches related to practical enote store handling
17:07:55 <shalit[m]> rbrunner: yeap, sounds good, so in 19:00 UTC?
17:08:08 <Rucknium[m]> blankpage: I don't know how long it's been an issue. Possibly since the beginning of Monero.
17:08:45 <dangerousfreedom> I will probably finish the work on the knowledge proofs this week (at least a first functional version with basically all the functionalities that we have today and a bit more) but it will probably change a bit when we go to testnet as the integration with the wallet and new bugs may appear. I would like to thank Koe also for always taking the time for reviewing it thoroughly.
17:09:03 <ArticMine[m]> I have been working on my OSPEAD review. It is now at the point of completing the verite up. 
17:09:03 <ArticMine[m]> I have provided Rucknium with timelines and preliminary results. 
17:09:59 <vtnerd> Im still working on bp++ implementation, mainly comparing the paper and the c code (not haskell code), hopefully something more tangible next week (this is definitely dragging too long, sorry)
17:10:31 <Rucknium[m]> Someone on Reddit suggested checking these repos and creating GitHub issues to change the default block template update time: https://github.com/oliverw/miningcore , https://github.com/zone117x/node-open-mining-portal
17:10:40 <UkoeHB> thanks vtnerd
17:10:54 <Rucknium[m]> Thank you, ArticMine !
17:12:46 <UkoeHB> 3. discussion
17:16:06 <UkoeHB> any topics anyone had in mind? on my end, these PRs could use more review https://github.com/monero-project/monero/pulls/UkoeHB
17:18:24 <Rucknium[m]> In "Avoid selecting coinbase outputs as decoys" https://github.com/monero-project/research-lab/issues/109 I say that this would be a wallet-level change. Now I am not sure if that's totally correct. Would monerod need to change what it sends to wallet software, i.e. exclude coinbase outputs from get_outs RPC call?
17:20:24 <UkoeHB> I'm not familiar with exactly how wallet2 does it.. but probably yes
17:21:32 <ArticMine[m]> This would require a separate call for coinbase outputs 
17:21:49 <rbrunner> Same here. But as it's only one software package, I don't think it would matter too much exactly where one changes code
17:21:58 <Rucknium[m]> Probably a good question for jberman , too
17:23:50 <Rucknium[m]> It could matter because a old-version wallet software could connect with a new-version remote node (or vice versa) and then...? And if I'm an old version wallet that wants to spend my coinbase output (from P2Pool, let's say), and I don't see my owned output in the reply from monerod remote node, what would I do?
17:24:24 <Rucknium[m]> This is if the change would happen outside of a hard fork boundary.
17:26:05 <rbrunner> The RPC interface is somewhat flexible regarding compatibility, I think you could add something to the RPC answer of `get_outs` that tells the wallet what to expect
17:26:24 <rbrunner> and then react accordingly
17:27:05 <rbrunner> (the new wallet would find out whether it talks to a new or an old daemon)
17:30:25 <Rucknium[m]> Ok. I'm not sure of the next steps with this idea. I guess we can leave it open for a while longer and see if any arguments to the contrary surface. I've described the privacy risks of the status quo.
17:32:18 <ArticMine[m]> It would have to be implemented only at the wallet level unless it is done with a hard fork
17:33:13 <UkoeHB> it increases the complexity of making txs which basically increases dependency on the core wallet implementation
17:34:31 <UkoeHB> not that there are many txs being made with anything else, but it's still a cot
17:34:32 <UkoeHB> cost
17:36:22 <UkoeHB> anything else to bring up? otherwise we can end the meeting early
17:38:10 <UkoeHB> ok I'll call it here, thanks for attending everyone

[post-meeting discussions: https://libera.monerologs.net/monero-research-lab/20230125#c194844]
