---
layout: post
category: story
title: Seraphis Wallet Workgroup meeting scheduled for 15 May 2023 1800 UTC
description: "The next 'Seraphis Wallet Workgroup' meeting is scheduled to take place on Monday, May 15 2023 at 18:00 UTC."
tags: [calendar, events]
meeting_name: Seraphis Wallet
meeting_date: 2023-05-15 (MON)
meeting_start: 18:00 UTC
meeting_irc: irc://irc.libera.chat/#no-wallet-left-behind
meeting_matrix: https://matrix.to/#/#no-wallet-left-behind:monero.social
meeting_logs: /assets/logs/230515-seraphis.log
date: 2023-04-28 20:00
last_modified_at: 2023-05-15
---

The next *Seraphis Wallet Workgroup*[^1] meeting is scheduled to take place on Monday, May 15 2023 at 18:00 UTC, in the IRC/Libera *#no-wallet-left-behind*[^2] channel and the bridged Matrix room[^3]:

> I will be away and won't be able to run meetings on April 24, May 1 and May 8. I will be back for a meeting on May 15. (rbrunner7)

Consult the project's wiki[^4] page to learn more about Seraphis, Jamtis, and *wallet3*.

Logs for the previous meeting are available on Monero Observer[^5].

---

**Update 23/5/13: meeting date/time confirmed[^6].**
	
**Update 23/5/15: meeting logs available[^7].**

---

[^1]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/
[^2]: (IRC/Libera) #no-wallet-left-behind
[^3]: (Matrix) https://matrix.to/#/#no-wallet-left-behind:monero.social
[^4]: [https://github.com/seraphis-migration/strategy/wiki/](https://github.com/seraphis-migration/strategy/wiki/){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^5]: [230417-seraphis.log](/assets/logs/230417-seraphis.log)
[^6]: [https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/836](https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/836){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^7]: [230515-seraphis.log](/assets/logs/230515-seraphis.log)
