---
layout: post
category: story
title: Seraphis Wallet Workgroup meeting scheduled for 17 April 2023 1800 UTC
description: "The next 'Seraphis Wallet Workgroup' meeting is scheduled to take place on Monday, April 17 2023 at 18:00 UTC."
tags: [calendar, events]
meeting_name: Seraphis Wallet
meeting_date: 2023-04-17 (MON)
meeting_start: 18:00 UTC
meeting_irc: irc://irc.libera.chat/#no-wallet-left-behind
meeting_matrix: https://matrix.to/#/#no-wallet-left-behind:monero.social
meeting_logs: /assets/logs/230417-seraphis.log
date: 2023-04-10 20:00
last_modified_at: 2023-04-18
---

The next *Seraphis Wallet Workgroup*[^1] meeting is scheduled to take place on Monday, April 17 2023 at 18:00 UTC, in the IRC/Libera *#no-wallet-left-behind*[^2] channel and the bridged Matrix room[^3].

Consult the project's wiki[^4] page to learn more about Seraphis, Jamtis, and *wallet3*.

Logs for the previous meeting are available on Monero Observer[^5].

---

**Update 23/4/14: issue posted in #826[^6]; rbrunner7 *won't be around to run meetings for 3 weeks after this one*.** 

**Update 23/4/18: meeting logs available[^7].**

---

[^1]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/
[^2]: (IRC/Libera) #no-wallet-left-behind
[^3]: (Matrix) https://matrix.to/#/#no-wallet-left-behind:monero.social
[^4]: [https://github.com/seraphis-migration/strategy/wiki/](https://github.com/seraphis-migration/strategy/wiki/){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^5]: [230410-seraphis.log](/assets/logs/230410-seraphis.log)
[^6]: [https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/826](https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/826){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^7]: [230417-seraphis.log](/assets/logs/230417-seraphis.log)
