---
layout: post
category: story
title: Seraphis Wallet Workgroup meeting scheduled for 16 January 2023 1800 UTC
description: "The next 'Seraphis Wallet Workgroup' meeting is scheduled to take place on Monday, January 16 2023 at 18:00 UTC."
tags: [calendar, events]
meeting_name: Seraphis Wallet
meeting_date: 2023-01-16 (MON)
meeting_start: 18:00 UTC
meeting_irc: irc://irc.libera.chat/#no-wallet-left-behind
meeting_matrix: https://matrix.to/#/#no-wallet-left-behind:monero.social
meeting_logs: /assets/logs/230116-seraphis.log
meeting_summary: /meeting-log-summary-seraphis-wallet-workgroup-meeting-16-january-2023/
date: 2023-01-09 19:00
last_modified_at: 2023-01-17
---

The next *Seraphis Wallet Workgroup*[^1] meeting is scheduled to take place on Monday, January 16 2023 at 18:00 UTC, in the IRC/Libera *#no-wallet-left-behind*[^2] channel and the bridged Matrix room[^3].

### Agenda

- comment formatting style for the code[^4]
- using the term *account* for two different things[^5]

Consult the project's wiki[^6] page to learn more about Seraphis, Jamtis, and *wallet3*.

Logs for the previous meeting are available on Monero Observer[^7].

---

**Update 23/1/13: added agenda[^8].**

**Update 23/1/16: meeting logs available[^9].**

**Update 23/1/17: meeting summary available[^10].**

---

[^1]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/
[^2]: (IRC/Libera) #no-wallet-left-behind
[^3]: (Matrix) https://matrix.to/#/#no-wallet-left-behind:monero.social
[^4]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/wallet3/issues/26
[^5]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/wallet3/issues/44
[^6]: [https://github.com/seraphis-migration/strategy/wiki/](https://github.com/seraphis-migration/strategy/wiki/){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^7]: [230109-seraphis.log](/assets/logs/230109-seraphis.log)
[^8]: [https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/780](https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/780){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^9]: [230116-seraphis.log](/assets/logs/230116-seraphis.log)
[^10]: [/meeting-log-summary-seraphis-wallet-workgroup-meeting-16-january-2023/](/meeting-log-summary-seraphis-wallet-workgroup-meeting-16-january-2023/)
