---
layout: post
category: story
title: Monero Research Lab meeting scheduled for 10 August 2022 1700 UTC
description: Monero Research Lab meeting scheduled for 10 August 2022 1700 UTC on irc/Matrix channels.
tags: [calendar, events]
meeting_name: MRL
meeting_date: 2022-08-10 (WED)
meeting_start: 17:00 UTC
meeting_irc: irc://irc.libera.chat/#monero-research-lab
meeting_matrix: https://matrix.to/#/#monero-research-lab:monero.social
meeting_logs: /assets/logs/220810-mrl.log
date: 2022-08-03 19:00
last_modified_at: 2022-08-23
meeting_summary: /meeting-log-summary-monero-research-lab-meeting-10-august-2022/
---

The next Monero Research Lab[^1] meeting is scheduled to take place on Wednesday, August 10th 2022 at 17:00 UTC.

The meeting should take place on IRC-Libera/Matrix[^2] in the #monero-research-lab channels.

### Agenda

- Improvements to the mixin selection algorithm (MRL#86[^3], JBerman's update[^4], MRL#88[^5], Rucknium's OSPEAD[^6]) 
- Seraphis[^7]
- MRL META: "Cat herding" [..]

~~Note that this meetingâ€™s chairperson and agenda are yet to be confirmed. The *-meta* issue should be posted soon.~~

This meeting's chairperson will be UkoeHB[^8]. To view the full discussion topic list, consult #725[^9].

Logs for the previous meeting are available on Monero Observer[^10].

---

**Update 22/8/10: logs for this meeting now available on Monero Observer[^11].**

**Update 22/8/23: a summary for this meeting is now available on Monero Observer[^12].**

---

[^1]: https://github.com/monero-project/research-lab
[^2]: irc://irc.libera.chat/#monero-research-lab (IRC), https://matrix.to/#/#monero-research-lab:monero.social (Matrix)
[^3]: https://github.com/monero-project/research-lab/issues/86
[^4]: https://repo.getmonero.org/monero-project/ccs-proposals/-/merge_requests/249#note_11480
[^5]: https://github.com/monero-project/research-lab/issues/88
[^6]: https://ccs.getmonero.org/proposals/Rucknium-OSPEAD-Fortifying-Monero-Against-Statistical-Attack.html
[^7]: https://github.com/UkoeHB/Seraphis
[^8]: https://github.com/UkoeHB
[^9]: [https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/725](https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/725){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^10]: [220803-mrl.log](/assets/logs/220803-mrl.log)
[^11]: [220810-mrl.log](/assets/logs/220810-mrl.log)
[^12]: [/meeting-log-summary-monero-research-lab-meeting-10-august-2022/](/meeting-log-summary-monero-research-lab-meeting-10-august-2022/)
