---
layout: post
category: story
title: Seraphis Wallet Workgroup meeting scheduled for 5 December 2022 1800 UTC
description: "The next 'Seraphis Wallet Workgroup' weekly meeting is scheduled to take place on Monday, December 5 2022 at 18:00 UTC."
tags: [calendar, events]
meeting_name: Seraphis Wallet
meeting_date: 2022-12-05 (MON)
meeting_start: 18:00 UTC
meeting_irc: irc://irc.libera.chat/#no-wallet-left-behind
meeting_matrix: https://matrix.to/#/#no-wallet-left-behind:monero.social
meeting_logs: /assets/logs/221205-seraphis.log
date: 2022-11-28 18:00
last_modified_at: 2022-12-05
---

The next *Seraphis Wallet Workgroup*[^1] weekly meeting is scheduled to take place on Monday, December 5 2022 at 18:00 UTC, in the IRC/Libera *#no-wallet-left-behind*[^2] channel and the bridged Matrix room[^3].

A list of proposed discussion points is available on Github in *meta* #762[^4].

Consult the project's wiki[^5] page to learn more about Seraphis, Jamtis, and *wallet3*.

Logs for the previous meeting are available on Monero Observer[^6].

---

**Update 22/12/02: added link to GH issue[^4].**

**Update 22/12/05: meeting logs available[^7].**

---

[^1]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/
[^2]: (IRC/Libera) #no-wallet-left-behind
[^3]: (Matrix) https://matrix.to/#/#no-wallet-left-behind:monero.social
[^4]: [https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/762/](https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/762/){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^5]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/strategy/wiki/
[^6]: [221128-seraphis.log](/assets/logs/221128-seraphis.log)
[^7]: [221205-seraphis.log](/assets/logs/221205-seraphis.log)
