---
layout: post
category: story
title: First Seraphis Wallet Workgroup weekly meeting scheduled for 14 November 2022 1800 UTC
description: "The first 'Seraphis Wallet Workgroup' weekly meeting is scheduled to take place on Monday, November 14 2022 at 18:00 UTC."
tags: [calendar, events]
meeting_name: Seraphis Wallet
meeting_date: 2022-11-14 (MON)
meeting_start: 18:00 UTC
meeting_irc: irc://irc.libera.chat/#no-wallet-left-behind
meeting_summary: /meeting-log-summary-seraphis-wallet-workgroup-meeting-14-november-2022/
meeting_matrix: https://matrix.to/#/#no-wallet-left-behind:haveno.network
meeting_logs: /assets/logs/221114-seraphis.log
date: 2022-11-08 21:00
last_modified_at: 2022-11-17
---

The first *Seraphis Wallet Workgroup*[^1] weekly meeting is scheduled[^2] to take place on Monday, November 14 2022 at 18:00 UTC:

> On Monday, November 14, we start with regular weekly meetings of the Seraphis wallet workgroup, and all interested parties from the community that want to join.

The meeting should take place in the *#no-wallet-left-behind*[^3] IRC/Libera room and *#no-wallet-left-behind-2:haveno.network*[^4] bridged Matrix room.

## Agenda overview

- Confirm Seraphis wallet as our project name (see issue #15) which may influence naming[^5]
- Discuss how we name and how we may nest folders that we add to the Monero project[^6]
- Discuss and decide terminology questions [..]

To view the full list of discussion topics and propose agenda items, visit MRL *meta* issue#751[^2]. 

Consult the project's wiki[^7] page to learn more about Seraphis, Jamtis, and *wallet3*.

---

**Update 22/11/14: meeting logs available[^8].**

**Update 22/11/17: meeting summary available[^9]; added new Matrix room[^4].**

---

[^1]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/
[^2]: [https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/751](https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/751){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^3]: (IRC/Libera) #no-wallet-left-behind
[^4]: (Matrix) https://matrix.to/#/#no-wallet-left-behind-2:haveno.network/
[^5]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/wallet3/issues/15/
[^6]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/wallet3/issues/29/
[^7]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/strategy/wiki/
[^8]: [221114-seraphis.log](/assets/logs/221114-seraphis.log)
[^9]: [/meeting-log-summary-seraphis-wallet-workgroup-meeting-14-november-2022/](/meeting-log-summary-seraphis-wallet-workgroup-meeting-14-november-2022/)
