---
layout: post
category: story
title: Seraphis Wallet Workgroup meeting scheduled for 21 November 2022 1800 UTC
description: "The next 'Seraphis Wallet Workgroup' weekly meeting is scheduled to take place on Monday, November 21 2022 at 18:00 UTC."
tags: [calendar, events]
meeting_name: Seraphis Wallet
meeting_date: 2022-11-21 (MON)
meeting_start: 18:00 UTC
meeting_irc: irc://irc.libera.chat/#no-wallet-left-behind
meeting_matrix: https://matrix.to/#/#no-wallet-left-behind:haveno.network
meeting_logs: /assets/logs/221121-seraphis.log
date: 2022-11-14 18:00
last_modified_at: 2022-11-21
---

The next *Seraphis Wallet Workgroup*[^1] weekly meeting is scheduled to take place on Monday, November 21 2022 at 18:00 UTC, in the IRC/Libera *#no-wallet-left-behind*[^2] channel and the bridged Matrix room[^3].

### Agenda

- Repository organisation for Seraphis wallet development [..]
- Revisiting the Jamtis address checksum algorithm[^4]
- Convention for naming classes and structs[^5]
- How many blanks to use to indent code 1 level[^6]

The full list of discussion topics is available on Github in *meta* #756[^7].

Consult the project's wiki[^8] page to learn more about Seraphis, Jamtis, and *wallet3*.

Logs and summary for the previous meeting are also available on Monero Observer[^9]'[^10].

---

**Update 22/11/18: added agenda[^7], new Matrix room[^3], and link to previous meeting summary[^10].**

**Update 22/11/21: meeting logs available[^11].**

---

[^1]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/
[^2]: (IRC/Libera) #no-wallet-left-behind
[^3]: (Matrix) https://matrix.to/#/#no-wallet-left-behind-2:haveno.network/
[^4]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/wallet3/issues/37/
[^5]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/wallet3/issues/13/
[^6]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/wallet3/issues/36/
[^7]: [https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/756/](https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/756/){:target="_blank"}{:rel="nofollow"}
[^8]: https://github.com/seraphis-migration/strategy/wiki/
[^9]: [221114-seraphis.log](/assets/logs/221114-seraphis.log)
[^10]: [/meeting-log-summary-seraphis-wallet-workgroup-meeting-14-november-2022/](/meeting-log-summary-seraphis-wallet-workgroup-meeting-14-november-2022/)
[^11]: [221121-seraphis.log](/assets/logs/221121-seraphis.log)
